Fix docs to update signatures (#13312)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/setup/create-signatures-and-disclaimers.md

> [!VIDEO https://www.microsoft.com/videoplayer/embed/RE1IEWf] 

> 1. In the <a href="https://admin.exchange.microsoft.com/" target="_blank">Microsoft exchange admin center</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the <a href="https://admin.exchange.microsoft.com/" target="_blank">Microsoft exchange admin center</a>.
```
